hello this is JT 8 for me and today is
the 2nd of April are 2013 and you have
joined me on my channel and we are going
to be talking about non-equal ok right
viniq 1 what am I gonna say about the
niqua well it's week ten or it's funny
pretend it's the 10th edition of of
these things and in terms of its
efficacy and is it actually working good
question yes it is
I spend it directing boys no yeah true
it is actually working it does seem to
be stinting the appalling outgrowth of
follicles on the face and I'm happy to
see flickers in the face so it's doing
its job
ok what else have I got to tell you down
what else you must say about that the
Micra um um it doesn't seem to be
creating posture on your system cystic
acne so that's good it doesn't appear to
be creating hair loss it doesn't appear
to be creating any other really nasty
reaction so we are going to maintain our
usage of it and currently I am putting
it all out in my face
and that doesn't seem to have kicked off
anything you know thing we're happy with
them an equal next we have a
twizzlestick I'll call them up laters um
we kind of face your manual facial at
lettuce and as you can see that one is
looking a rather true piece very state
I bought these two weeks ago this one
isn't in a soy droopy stone but I'm
gonna be honest it doesn't work that
well yes it does work but if you've seen
these before which is the same as the
other one you'll realize that these
which are from the UK supplier the other
ones for American survive the one from
the American supplier is longer and
thinner what does this mean well it
would appear but the actual spring and
the bits that pull the hairs out what
for whatever reason I'm not a scientist
I don't work that well these we know
these work well for my skin they seem to
be a lot better and the American one a
child put details up on the screen again
actually what's that jeepers you got a
fine for 199 so to me that is an
excellent deal excuse me scratch my nose
oh so that's that
that's rather joy right onto these I
also back up with my wonderful no no
product not being using it that much
arms it's a synthetic what but I intend
to start using it again and I know it
works and I might even start using on my
body because obviously I'm using the
other stuff on my face so it might be a
case of overkill I start zapping my face
and loads on but it is a thought one
might want to do um excuse me I have got
a dry throat and they're the cons so if
my voice is saying I've been below par I
apologize um well that's it really for
now thanks for watching
please subscribe to me because I'd like
it so much if you would and also put a
little like thingy down the botton my
huge page but be seamless to anyway
that's me done take care of yourselves
and yeah you imagine erasing and stuff
now yes all right